[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
-♪ SOME PEOPLE STAND
IN THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ AFRAID TO STEP
INTO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ SOME PEOPLE NEED
TO HAVE SOMEBODY ♪
♪ WHEN THE EDGE OF
SURRENDER'S IN SIGHT ♪
♪ DON'T YOU WORRY
♪ IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
-♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ WHENEVER YOU FEAR
♪ OH, DON'T YOU FEAR
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
-♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ WHENEVER YOU FEAR
♪ OH, DON'T YOU FEAR
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
♪ PEOPLE, PEOPLE DIFFERENT KINDS
♪ SOME ARE BLACK AND SOME ARE WHITE
BUT WE ARE ALL THE SAME INSIDE ♪
♪ PEOPLE PEOPLE HEARTS OF STONE
SOME ARE YOUNG AND SOME ARE OLD ♪
♪ BUT IN THE END WE SHINE LIKE GOLD
♪ PEOPLE PEOPLE DIFFERENT ROADS
SOME ARE LONG AND SOME ARE SHORT ♪
♪ SOME DON'T KNOW WHICH WAY TO GO
♪ PEOPLE PEOPLE DIFFERENT LIVES
SOME HAVE STRUGGLED, SOME HAVE STRIFE ♪
♪ BUT WE ALL FIND OUT HOW TO SURVIVE
♪ BECAUSE PEOPLE WE ALL HAVE SORROW
♪ BUT TURN TO TOMORROW
TO CARRY ON, CARRY ON ♪
♪ AND WE ALL HAVE OUR MISTAKES
AND LEAVE IT WITH YESTERDAY ♪
♪ TO CARRY ON, CARRY ON
♪ CARRY ON, CARRY ON
♪ CARRY ON...
♪ PEOPLE PEOPLE ALL IN ALL
SOME ARE BIG AND SOME ARE SMALL ♪
♪ BUT EITHER WAY YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL
♪ PEOPLE, PEOPLE MAKING' NOISE
SOME ARE GIRLS AND SOME ARE BOYS ♪
♪ BUT IN THE END WE ALL SPREAD JOY
♪ PEOPLE PEOPLE LIFE IS TOUGH
SOME WANT MONEY, SOME WANT LOVE ♪
♪ BUT NEVER SEEM TO HAVE ENOUGH
♪ PEOPLE PEOPLE MOVE ALONG
SOME ARE WEAK AND SOME ARE STRONG ♪
♪ BUT I JUST WANT TO CARRY ON
♪ YEAH, I JUST WANT TO CARRY ON AND ON
♪ BECAUSE PEOPLE WE ALL HAVE SORROW
♪ BUT TURN TO TOMORROW
TO CARRY ON, CARRY ON ♪
♪ AND WE, ALL HAVE OUR MISTAKES
AND LEAVE IT WITH YESTERDAY ♪
♪ TO CARRY ON, CARRY ON
♪ CARRY ON, CARRY ON
♪ CARRY ON...
♪ TO CARRY ON, CARRY ON
♪ PEOPLE PEOPLE MOVE ALONG
SOME ARE WEAK AND SOME ARE STRONG ♪
♪ BUT I JUST WANT TO CARRY ON
♪ YEAH, I JUST WANT TO CARRY ON AND ON
♪ BECAUSE PEOPLE WE ALL HAVE SORROW
♪ BUT TURN TO TOMORROW
TO CARRY ON, CARRY ON ♪
♪ AND WE, ALL HAVE OUR MISTAKES
AND LEAVE IT WITH YESTERDAY ♪
♪ TO CARRY ON, CARRY ON
♪ CARRY ON, CARRY ON
♪ CARRY ON...
-MOM: ARE YOU NERVOUS?
-JUST EXCITED.
-HI, MRS. TAYLOR?
-MOM: YES, ARE YOU
LIEUTENANT HOLDEN?
-NO, STEPHANIE
HAD TO LEAVE TOWN.
SHE WENT TO ENGLAND TO
HELP WITH THEIR GUARDS,
BUT I'M SUMMER.
YOU MUST BE LAUREN, HI!
-HI!
-HERE, LET ME GET YOUR BAGS.
-OH, NO THANKS, I CAN CARRY IT.
-OKAY.
-ARE PARENTS ALLOWED
TO STAY AND WATCH?
-NO, NOT USUALLY, BUT
IF YOU'D REALLY LIKE.
-MOM, JUST DROP ME OFF PLEASE?
I DON'T WANT TO BE DIFFERENT.
-ALL RIGHT.
BUT DON'T OVERDO IT!
-DON'T WORRY!
-LAUREN, THE LOCKER ROOM
IS STRAIGHT UP THE STAIRS.
IF YOU JUST GO ON UP THERE, A
GUARD WILL SHOW YOU WHAT TO DO.
-THANKS.
-GOOD LUCK.
-SEE YOU LATER.
-YOUR DAUGHTER IS A VERY
COURAGEOUS YOUNG LADY.
-LAUREN KNOWS WHAT SHE WANTS,
AND RIGHT NOW SHE WANTS TO
LEARN HOW TO SAVE LIVES.
[BUSTLING, YELLING]
-GIRL: GIVE IT BACK!
COME ON, I MEAN IT!
-ALL RIGHT, HOBIE,
THAT'S ENOUGH.
A RESCUE CAN IS NOT A TOY.
IT'S DESIGNED FOR ONE PURPOSE,
AND THAT'S TO SAVE LIVES.
SOME OF YOU ARE GONNA WANT
TO BECOME LIFEGUARDS ONE DAY,
SO YOU BETTER START RESPECTING
THE TOOLS OF YOUR TRADE.
THAT GOES FOR YOU...
-DON'T DROOL, BUCHANNON.
-WHAT'RE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I'M NOT DROOLING.
-HOBIE?
-UH, YEAH?
-DID YOU EVEN HEAR
A WORD THAT I SAID?
-YEAH, UM, YOU SAID...
I'M SORRY.
IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
-GOOD.
OKAY, EVERYBODY, I'D LIKE TO
INTRODUCE YOU TO LAUREN TAYLOR.
SHE'S JOINING US HERE
FROM PORTLAND, OREGON,
AS PART OF THE JUNIOR
LIFEGUARD EXCHANGE PROGRAM.
-HI, I'M LAUREN.
-HI, UH, I'M HOBIE.
[GIRL SCOFFS]
-DID YOU LOVE THE OCEAN MORE
THAN YOU LOVED YOUR WIFE?
[LAUGHS]
-WHAT?
-I'LL BET YOU DID.
-WELL, I'M AFRAID YOU'D LOSE.
-I DON'T THINK SO.
MITCH, WE HAVE BEEN
OUT FOUR TIMES,
AND EVERY TIME WE GO EAST
OF PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY
YOU GO INTO WITHDRAWALS
AND WE HAVE TO GET BACK
HERE FOR A QUICK FIX.
-WELL, I'M A SALTWATER
JUNKIE, WHAT CAN I SAY?
-YOU DON'T REALLY
HAVE TO SAY ANYTHING.
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
[SCREECHING TIRES]
[SCREAMS]
[LOUD SPLASH]
-CALL HEADQUARTERS,
TELL THEM WE NEED
BACKUP IN THE WATER RIGHT NOW.
-OKAY!
-HELP!
HELP!
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
-HELP!
HELP!
-KMF295, I'VE GOT A VEHICLE
SUBMERGED AND VICTIM ON BOARD.
I NEED PARAMEDICS
ASAP ON THE DOCK.
-ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR, FIVE!
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR, FIVE.
[COUGHING]
ALL RIGHT, THERE YOU GO.
[SIZZLING]
-WAITER: HERE YOU GO.
-HERE YOU GO, CJ.
-FINALLY.
I'M STARVING.
-THANK GOD THAT WOMAN
IS GONNA BE ALL RIGHT, HUH?
-YEAH, THANKS TO MITCH.
HE'S THE ONE WHO PULLED
HER OUT OF THE CAR.
-HE IS SO GREAT.
-MM, THIS IS SO GOOD!
-CJ, LOOK AT THAT.
IS THAT SWEET?
[WHINING]
-OH, JACKIE, WHAT'S WRONG?
-OH...
I MEAN IT'S NOT LIKE THERE'S
ANYTHING THAT'S REALLY WRONG.
IT'S JUST...
MITCH AND I HAVE BEEN OUT
ABOUT FOUR OR FIVE TIMES NOW
AND IT IS SO GREAT, I MEAN,
I KNOW THAT HE LIKES ME
AND I REALLY LIKE HIM, BUT...
-BUT?
-WELL...
IT'S LIKE EVERY TIME
THAT WE GET A FIRE GOING,
SOMETHING HAPPENS
TO DOUSE THE FLAMES.
YOU KNOW, LIKE THE
FATES DON'T WANT US
TO BE TOGETHER OR SOMETHING?
-THE FATES?
OR SUMMER?
[CHUCKLES]
-SUMMER IS NOT THRILLED THAT
HER MOM IS DATING HER BOSS,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
BUT I TELL YOU, THE
WAY THINGS ARE GOING,
I DON'T THINK SHE'S GONNA HAVE
TO WORRY ABOUT THAT MUCH LONGER.
HEY, CJ...
YOU KNOW MITCH.
I MEAN, YOU TELL ME,
WHAT SHOULD I DO, HUH?
-WELL, YOU'VE DEFINITELY
COME TO THE RIGHT PERSON.
ROMANCE R US.
OKAY...
STEP ONE: YOU HAVE TO...
[CONVERSATION INAUDIBLE
UNDER CROWD NOISE]
-THAT'S AN AWESOME COMPASS.
CAN I SEE IT?
-YEAH.
IT'S REALLY OLD,
BUT IT WORKS GREAT.
MY GRANDPA GAVE IT TO ME.
-I JUST LOVE THE
WAY COMPASSES WORK.
YOU CAN NEVER GET LOST
WHEN YOU HAVE ONE.
-SUMMER: BREAK'S OVER!
OKAY, LET'S GET BACK TO WORK.
ALL RIGHT, LAUREN, YESTERDAY
EVERYBODY TOLD US
THEIR REASON FOR WANTING TO
BECOME A JUNIOR LIFEGUARD
SO WHY DON'T YOU STAND UP
AND TELL US YOUR REASON?
-WELL, UM, I THINK
SAVING SOMEONE ELSE'S LIFE
IS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD.
I MEAN, IT CHANGES EVERYTHING.
YOU MAKE THE BIGGEST
DIFFERENCE YOU CAN MAKE.
I REALLY WANT TO FEEL THAT.
-THAT'S THE BEST
REASON I'VE HEARD YET.
THANKS, LAUREN.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY, LET'S
MOVE TO THE HARD PACK
AND PRACTICE
ARTIFICIAL VENTILATION.
EVERYBODY GRAB A PARTNER.
[OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
-HEY, I PICKED HER FIRST!
-HOBIE: DON'T WORRY, I'LL SAVE
YOU FROM THESE WANNABES.
[KIDS LAUGHING]
MY NAME'S HOBIE.
-HOBIE-WAN-KENOBI!
-AT YOUR SERVICE,
PRINCESS LAUREN.
-SUMMER: ALL RIGHT,
VICTIMS ON YOUR BACKS.
[GROANING]
-HALF DROWNED!
DELIRIOUS!
ONLY THE PRINCESS LAUREN
CAN SAVE HOBIE-WAN!
-ALL RIGHT, A, B, C, B, A.
-STANDS FOR?
-AIRWAY, BREATHING,
CIRCULATION,
BLEEDING, ASSESSMENT.
HEAD TILT, CHIN LOW.
-GOOD, LAUREN, THAT'S EXCELLENT.
-HOW'S LITTLE LEAGUE GOING?
-UNTIL NOW, PRETTY UNEVENTFUL.
-WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
-SEE THAT LITTLE GIRL
DOWN THERE WITH HOBIE?
SHE GOT ENROLLED TODAY.
-AW, SHE'S CUTE.
AND LUCKY!
WHO PULLED THE STRINGS
TO GET HER IN LATE?
-WELL, SHE'S
ANYTHING BUT LUCKY.
SHE GOT IN THROUGH THE
MAKE-A-WISH FOUNDATION.
-MAKE-A-WISH?
DON'T THEY HELP KIDS WHO-
-WHO ARE CHRONICALLY
AND TERMINALLY ILL.
MATT, THAT LITTLE GIRL'S
GOT APLASTIC ANEMIA.
SHE'S GOT LESS THAN
A YEAR TO LIVE.
HER WISH SHE WANTED GRANTED
WAS TO LEARN HOW TO
BECOME A LIFEGUARD.
-DO THE OTHER KIDS KNOW?
-NO.
SHE SAID SHE DOESN'T WANT TO
BE TREATED ANY DIFFERENTLY.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-SUMMER: GROUP A, GO!
GROUP B, GO!
[KIDS YELLING]
-WOW, WHERE YOU GUYS GOING?
-I WISH I KNEW.
JACKIE INSISTED IT WAS
HER TURN TO PLAN THE DATE.
-THE WEDDING DATE?
-VERY FUNNY.
JACKIE AND I ARE FRIENDS,
WE'RE NOT, UH, YOU KNOW.
-HOBIE: WHAT?
-MITCH: WE'RE NOT...
PASSIONATE WITH EACH OTHER.
-DEFINE PASSIONATE.
-OH, JUST KEEP PUMPING IRON.
-IS IT WHEN YOUR
LIPS TOUCH HERS
AND YOU GET THIS TINGLING
FEELING ALL OVER YOUR BODY
AND EVERY TIME YOU
THINK ABOUT HER
YOU FEEL THAT EXACT SAME WAY?
-WHY ARE YOU ASKING ALL THIS?
-BECAUSE, I THINK I FEEL
PASSIONATE ABOUT A GIRL
I MET TODAY AT JUNIOR GUARDS.
I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HER!
AND IF I FEEL LIKE...
IF I DON'T PUMP IRON OR
SOMETHING I'LL GO CRAZY.
-A-HA.
SO WHO IS SHE?
SOMEONE NEW?
-HER NAME IS LAUREN.
LAUREN TAYLOR.
-YOU KNOW, HOBSTER,
I THINK WE SHOULD
SLOW DOWN A LITTLE BIT HERE.
-COME ON, DAD.
YOU'VE GIVEN ME
ALL THE TALKS ABOUT
"SOON YOU'LL BE FEELING
FEELINGS," AND EVERYTHING.
JUST GIVE ME A BREAK, OKAY?
-NO, NO, I DON'T MEAN
THAT, IT'S JUST THAT
LAUREN IS FROM OREGON, AND SHE
MIGHT NOT BE HERE THAT LONG.
-YOU DON'T KNOW THAT FOR SURE.
SHE COULD STAY HERE
FOREVER, WHO KNOWS?
[KNOCKING AT DOOR]
-WOW, YOU LOOK TERRIFIC.
-WHOA, SO DO YOU.
OH, HI, HOB!
BYE, HOBIE!
-WHERE ARE WE GOING?
-SOMEPLACE YOU'RE GONNA LOVE,
MITCH BUCHANNON.
[GIGGLING] DON'T WAIT UP!
[DOOR CLICKS]
[SCOFFS]
-SUMMER: IT DOESN'T BOTHER ME.
-WHAT, YOUR MOM
DATING THE BOSS?
-DATING HIM IS NOT THE PROBLEM.
-THEN WHAT IS?
-THE PROBLEM IS NOT DATING HIM.
-NOT DATING HIM?
-AFTER THEY BREAK UP
SHE'S GONNA BLAME HERSELF
AND HE IS GONNA FEEL
UNCOMFORTABLE AROUND ME.
-WELL WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
THEY'RE GONNA BREAK UP?
-BECAUSE A RELATIONSHIP
THAT STARTS ONE WAY
DOES NOT END UP
A DIFFERENT WAY.
-WELL, RELATIONSHIPS CAN
ALWAYS GROW AND CHANGE.
-YEAH, FROM BAD TO WORSE.
-WHY ARE YOU BEING SO CYNICAL?
-I'M NOT!
IT'S JUST THAT FRIENDS DON'T
FALL IN LOVE, THAT'S ALL.
-IT HAPPENS ALL THE TIME.
-YEAH, WELL, IT SHOULDN'T.
-WHY NOT?
-BECAUSE IT JUST
COMPLICATES THINGS.
-WELL, I USED TO THINK
IT WAS TOTAL CHEMISTRY.
I MEAN, LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT?
I MEAN, IF IT HAPPENED,
YOU KNEW RIGHT THERE.
-WELL, WHAT DO YOU THINK NOW?
-I THINK IT'S GRADUAL.
YOU GET TO LIKE
A PERSON FIRST.
YOU GET TO KNOW WHO
THEY REALLY ARE.
AND THEN IT JUST
SNEAKS UP ON YOU.
-MATT, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
-I'M COMPLICATING THINGS.
[SOFT MUSIC]
♪ YOU LOOK AT ME
SO DIFFERENT WITH YOUR EYES ♪
♪ THE MYSTERY OF LOVE WE CAN'T DENY NOW
♪ WON'T LET YOU WALK AWAY
-♪ THE BEST OF FRIENDS
I'LL NEVER LET YOU GO ♪
♪ WE CAN'T PRETEND
♪ IT'S TIME TO LET IT SHOW HOW
♪ THESE FEELINGS THAT HAVE GROWN NOW ♪
♪ WHEN YOU CALL MY NAME
♪ I'LL BE THERE
♪ IF YOU FEEL THE SAME
♪ THIS LOVE WE'LL SHARE
♪ WHEN YOU CALL MY NAME
♪ I'LL BE THERE
♪ IF YOU FEEL THE SAME
♪ THIS LOVE WE'LL SHARE
♪ WHEN YOU CALL MY NAME
♪ I'LL BE THERE
[OCEAN WAVES LAPPING SHORE]
[KIDS CHATTER, YELL]
-ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO! HUSTLE!
-HIT THE WATER, AROUND
THE BUOY AND BACK!
-GRAB A CAN! COME ON!
-I'LL BE ON SHORE
BEFORE SHE ROUNDS THE BUOY.
-YOU OKAY?
[GASPING]
-YEAH.
[COUGHING]
-LAUREN?
LAUREN!
SUMMER, I NEED BACKUP!
[INTENSE MUSIC]
-HOBIE-WAN...
-DON'T WORRY, PRINCESS,
I GOT YOU.
-ALL RIGHT, HOBIE,
I GOT HER.
-NO, NO, THAT'S OKAY.
-ALL RIGHT, SWIM HER IN, OKAY?
[COUGHING, GASPING]
-HOBIE: SIT DOWN.
COME ON, LAUREN,
YOU GOTTA SIT DOWN.
-NO. [COUGHING]
-SIT DOWN!
-IT'S JUST, JUST AN
ALLERGY I GET SOMETIMES.
IT MAKES IT HARD TO
BREATHE, THAT'S ALL.
I'M OKAY, REALLY.
-BRAD, TAKE HER
UP TO HEADQUARTERS
AND CALL HER MOTHER,
ALL RIGHT?
-NO, REALLY, I'M OKAY!
-JUST TO BE ON THE
SAFE SIDE GO WITH BRAD.
THAT'S AN ORDER.
-WOMAN: SHE'S ALL RIGHT.
-HOW DOES IT FEEL?
-WHAT?
-SAVING SOMEONE'S LIFE?
DOES IT FEEL BETTER
THAN ANYTHING?
-SURE.
I GUESS.
IT FEELS GREAT.
-TOMORROW, TELL ME
EVERYTHING ABOUT HOW IT FELT.
[GASPS] EVERYTHING.
-CAN I GO WITH HER?
-SUMMER: NO.
YOU DID YOUR JOB, AND
YOU DID A VERY GOOD JOB.
I'M PROUD OF YOU.
COME ON, YOU GUYS ARE GONNA
SEE EACH OTHER TOMORROW.
-TOO BAD, HOB.
LOOKS LIKE YOUR
GIRLFRIEND'S GONNA WASH OUT.
[SOFT MUSIC]
-JACKIE: HARRY WAS WRONG!
-SUMMER: HARRY WHO?
-BILLY CRYSTAL, YOU KNOW,
IN "HARRY MET SALLY."
HE SAID THAT MEN AND
WOMEN CAN'T BE FRIENDS
WITHOUT ROMANCE
GETTING IN THE WAY.
BUT THE TRUTH IS,
IS THAT FRIENDSHIP GETS
IN THE WAY OF ROMANCE.
-OH, I DON'T THINK THAT'S TRUE.
-TAKE IT FROM ME, IT IS!
-OH YEAH, WELL, TAKE
IT FROM ME, IT ISN'T!
-TAKE IT FROM YOU?
WHY?
-WELL, MATT AND I ARE FRIENDS,
AND LAST NIGHT WE HAD
THE MOST ROMANTIC NIGHT.
[CHUCKLES]
-JACKIE: ROMANTIC?
HOW? WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
-ROMANTIC, YOU KNOW, LIKE
RUNNING AND LAUGHING
AND HUGGING AND KISSING.
-OKAY, NO, STOP.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR
ANY MORE OF THIS.
-DON'T WORRY, WE DID.
-SUMMER.
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
-I DON'T KNOW, I JUST,
I THINK IT'S KIND OF
BEEN HAPPENING
EVER SINCE WE MET.
-BUT, HONEY,
WHAT ABOUT SLADE?
-SLADE? [GROANS]
JIMMY IS SURFING SOMEWHERE
IN NEW CALEDONIA,
AND NEXT WEEK HE'LL
BE IN AUSTRALIA.
HE'S BEEN GONE SO LONG
I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW I
FEEL ABOUT HIM ANYMORE.
BUT I DO KNOW HOW
I FEEL ABOUT MATT.
-SUMMER, JIMMY AND MATT
ARE BEST FRIENDS, HONEY.
GETTING BETWEEN
FRIENDS LIKE THAT
CAN BE A HUGE MISTAKE.
-YOU KNOW, WHY IS IT,
WHY IS IT THAT PARENTS,
THEY ALWAYS TRY
TO PROTECT YOU FROM
MAKING THE SAME MISTAKES
THEY'VE PROBABLY ALREADY
MADE THEMSELVES?
-MM-HMM, WHY?
-MM-HMM.
-BECAUSE WE LOVE YOU.
AND IF YOU MAKE
CERTAIN MISTAKES,
I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!
-I GOTTA GO TO WORK.
GOODBYE, MOTHER.
-GOODBYE, DAUGHTER.
HOBIE, YOU'RE LATE!
-SORRY.
-IT'S ALL RIGHT.
WASH UP AND HELP SET
UP THE TABLES, ALL RIGHT?
-CJ: HEY, HOB.
MORNING, HOB.
YO, HOBIE!
[LAUGHING]
WHAT'S UP WITH HOBIE?
-OH, HE'S IN LOVE.
WHAT ELSE COULD MAKE
ANYONE FEEL THAT BAD?
-OH NO...
DON'T TELL ME; WHAT HAPPENED
WITH MITCH LAST NIGHT?
-CJ, IT WAS PERFECT.
YOU KNOW, THE
GONDOLA, THE SUNSET,
THE WINE, OH...
WE KISSED.
-AND?
-HE JUMPED OUT OF THE GONDOLA.
-WHAT?
-IN HIS TUXEDO!
HE SAID IT WAS TO
RESCUE TWO BOYS
WHO WERE MARGINALLY IN TROUBLE.
CJ...
IT WAS A CLEAR GETAWAY.
-ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
TIME TO BRING OUT THE BIG GUNS.
-BIG GUNS?
-HOWITZER'S.
SCORCHED EARTH.
TAKE NO PRISONERS.
-OKAY.
I LIKE THE SOUND OF THIS.
TELL ME MORE.
-LOVER'S COVE.
NORTH OF MALIBU.
-JACKIE: LOVER'S COVE?
[LAUGHING] OH, I LIKE
THE SOUND OF THAT.
-CJ: THERE'S A CHURCH IN THE
HILLS JUST AROUND THE COVE,
AND EVERY HOUR THE
CHURCH BELLS RING
AND ECHO THROUGH THE HILLS.
IT IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL
SOUND YOU HAVE EVER HEARD.
AND THE LEGEND IS
IF TWO PEOPLE KISS
AND KEEP KISSING UNTIL
THE BELLS STOP RINGING,
THEY'LL BE IN LOVE FOREVER.
WORKED FOR ME.
THREE TIMES.
-THREE TIMES?
CJ, YOU NUT.
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC]
[SEAGULLS SQUAWK]
-LAUREN, HI.
HOW'S YOUR ALLERGY?
-NOT SO GOOD.
-WELL, THERE'S SOMETHING YOU
CAN TAKE FOR IT, ISN'T THERE?
-NOT REALLY.
-WELL, WHAT I MEAN
IS YOU CAN STILL
DO JUNIOR GUARDS, CAN'T YOU?
-MY MOM'S IN WITH YOUR DAD NOW.
TODAY'S MY LAST DAY.
-WHAT?
THAT'S NOT FAIR!
-THAT'S ONLY CAUSE
TODAY'S ALL CLASSROOM WORK.
I DIDN'T EVEN GET TO SURF,
SKI, OR RIDE A WAVERUNNER.
-LET'S DO IT, THEN.
-WHAT?
-RIDE A WAVERUNNER.
THERE'S A PLACE I WANT
TO TAKE YOU, ANYWAY.
-WHAT KIND OF PLACE?
-A SPECIAL PLACE, BUT WE HAVE
TO GET THERE BEFORE SUNSET.
-OKAY, HOBIE-WAN, TAKE ME THERE.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-♪ WHEN YOU'RE WITH ME
♪ FEELS LIKE I'M CHASING THE SUN
♪ FALLING SO DEEP
♪ LIFE'S JUST BEGUN
♪ LET'S GET LOST TOGETHER
♪ NEVER HAVE FELT SO CLOSE TO HEAVEN ♪
♪ HERE IN YOUR ARMS
♪ WE'RE NOT COMING DOWN
SO LET'S STOP THE CLOCK
♪ OUR FOREVER IS STARTING NOW
♪ TOUCHING THE WIND
♪ NOTHING CAN BREAK US APART
♪ HOLDING YOUR HAND
♪ HOLDING MY HEART ♪
♪ LET'S GET LOST TOGETHER
♪ NEVER HAVE FELT SO CLOSE TO HEAVEN ♪
♪ HERE IN YOUR ARMS
♪ WE'RE NOT COMING DOWN
♪ SO LET'S STOP THE CLOCK
♪ OUR FOREVER IS STARTING NOW
-DON'T WORRY, I'M SURE
SHE'S AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE.
-SHE'S NOT ON THE BEACH.
-SUMMER HASN'T SEEN HER,
AND HOBIE HASN'T
BEEN IN CLASS EITHER.
-YOU'RE SURE?
PHIL SAYS HE CHECKED OUT
A WAVERUNNER TO HOBIE.
HOBIE SAID SUMMER WANTED
IT FOR JUNIOR GUARDS.
-RON, GET A SCARAB
HERE RIGHT NOW.
[BUZZER SOUNDS]
[ENGINE HUMS]
-I LOVE THIS!
THANK YOU, HOBIE-WAN.
THANK YOU FOR BRINGING ME HERE.
-IT'S CALLED LOVER'S COVE.
-OH?
WHY DO THEY CALL IT THAT?
-WELL, THERE'S A
CHURCH IN THE HILLS
THAT RINGS
ITS BELLS EVERY HOUR,
AND IF TWO PEOPLE KISS
WHILE THE BELLS ARE RINGING
THEY STAY IN LOVE FOREVER.
THAT'S THE LEGEND, ANYWAY.
-WHAT DO THEY MEAN BY FOREVER?
-YOU KNOW, FOREVER, ALWAYS.
-ALWAYS WHILE YOU LIVE,
ALWAYS THROUGH ETERNITY,
THROUGHOUT OUR LIVES, WHAT?
-I DON'T KNOW, I GUESS
IT COULD MEAN THAT.
-MAYBE NOW IS FOREVER, HOBIE.
MEMORIES CAN BE FOREVER.
MAYBE THAT'S ALL THERE IS.
[SOFT MUSIC]
[BELLS CHIME]
[ROMANTIC MUSIC]
-WOO!
[SPLASH]
COME ON IN, THE WATER'S GREAT.
-I'D BETTER NOT.
HAVE NO FEAR, PRINCESS.
I'LL PROTECT YA!
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
[YELLS]
OW!
-HOBIE, STOP,
YOU'RE SCARING ME!
[INTENSE MUSIC]
-I DON'T SEE THEM!
[SPLASHING]
-HELP!
IT'S BURNING, IT'S...
-HOBIE!
JELLYFISH STINGS!
A PORTUGUESE BATTLE WOUND.
-MY HEAD!
MY EARS.
-WHEN I CATCH THAT BOY I'M
GONNA GROUND HIM FOR LIFE.
-I'LL BET SHE'S IN LOVE.
I'M SURE THEY'RE JUST
OUT CRUISING AROUND.
OH, WAIT A MINUTE...
LOVER'S COVE!
HOBIE MUST'VE HEARD
ME TALKING TO JACKIE
ABOUT TAKING YOU
TO LOVER'S COVE.
I MEAN, THAT'S PROBABLY
WHERE THEY ARE.
[ENGINE REVS]
-I'M FREEZING.
-I GOTTA GET YOU BACK
BEFORE IT GETS DARK.
HOLD ON TO ME, HOBIE, HOLD ON.
-LAUREN...
-JUST DON'T LET GO.
-I WON'T.
[SCREAMS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
HOBIE, WHERE ARE YOU?
[GASPS]
-THERE'S THE WAVERUNNER.
-OVER HERE!
HOBIE, IT'S OKAY, HOBIE.
THEY FOUND US.
HOBIE, YOU'LL BE OKAY.
-DAD, YOU SHOULD'VE
SEEN HER OUT THERE.
SHE WAS AWESOME.
LAUREN'S GONNA BE
A GREAT LIFEGUARD.
THEN SHE CAN WORK
RIGHT HERE AT BAYWATCH.
-HOBIE, THE NEXT TIME
YOU TAKE A WAVERUNNER
WITHOUT A LIFE VEST,
FORGET THE JELLYFISH.
I'LL BITE YOU MYSELF, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT, I GOTTA
GET OUT OF HERE.
-[MUTTERS]
-I'LL SPEAK TO YOU LATER.
-ALL RIGHT.
DAD,
CAN LAUREN HAVE DINNER
WITH US TONIGHT?
-HOBIE, I THINK IT'S TIME
YOU AND I HAVE A LITTLE TALK.
-I CAN COOK IF
YOU DON'T WANT TO.
-LAUREN'S GOING
BACK TO PORTLAND.
SHE AND HER MOM ARE
LEAVING TONIGHT.
-WHY?
-HOBIE, THERE'S SOMETHING
I SHOULD'VE TOLD YA
WAY BEFORE THIS.
-ABOUT WHAT?
-LAUREN... [SIGHS]
CAME HERE THROUGH THE
MAKE-A-WISH FOUNDATION.
HOBIE...
THEY GIVE KIDS WHO ARE SICK
A CHANCE TO FULFILL A DREAM.
-SICK?
WHAT'RE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH HER?
-HOBIE, LAUREN'S GOT
LESS THAN A YEAR TO LIVE.
-WHAT?
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE!
-I'M SORRY, PAL.
-WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THAT CAN'T BE TRUE!
-MITCH: IT'S TRUE.
-WE KISSED! IT'S FOREVER!
ALWAYS!
WHY ARE YOU TELLING ME THIS?
[SIGHS]
-LAUREN...
-I NEED TO SAY
GOODBYE TO HOBIE.
-HONEY, WAIT, LISTEN...
-LAUREN: MOM...
I NEED TO SAY GOODBYE.
[KNOCKING]
HOBIE?
-IF YOU WANT, I'LL TELL HER
YOU'RE TOO WEAK TO TALK.
-NO.
-OKAY.
HEY.
-UM, COULD I PLEASE SEE HOBIE?
-YEAH, SURE, BUT UH...
I WANT TO THANK YOU...
FOR SAVING HIM.
WITHOUT YOU HE MIGHT
NOT HAVE MADE IT.
-WELL, HOBIE SAVED
ME TOO, SO I GUESS...
YOU KNOW.
-I KNOW.
WELL, GO ON, GO ON.
[DOOR CLICKS]
-PRINCESS LAUREN, MY RESCUER.
-HOBIE-WAN.
YOU OKAY?
-YEAH.
IT WAS JUST AN
ALLERGIC REACTION.
KIND OF LIKE YOURS, I GUESS.
[SIGHS]
-HOBIE...
I HAVE TO GO AWAY.
-CAN'T YOU STAY
A LITTLE LONGER?
-THANK YOU FOR TAKING
ME TO LOVER'S COVE.
I'LL NEVER FORGET IT.
I'LL NEVER FORGET YOU.
-LAUREN, WAIT...
I WANTED TO GIVE YOU SOMETHING.
KIND OF, TO GUIDE YOU...
WHEREVER YOU GO.
-MEMORIES ARE FOREVER, HOBIE.
REMEMBER ME FOREVER, OKAY?
I'LL TAKE THIS
WITH ME EVERYWHERE.
[SOFT MUSIC]
-SO HOW'S YOUR MOM HANDLING IT?
-GOOD.
HER AND MITCH JUST
DECIDED TO BECOME FRIENDS.
THE FEELING WAS PRETTY MUTUAL.
-THAT'S GREAT.
YOU THINK THEY CAN PULL IT OFF?
-WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
-I DON'T KNOW, SOMETIMES
IT'S HARD TO BE FRIENDS AGAIN
AFTER A RELATIONSHIP
DOESN'T WORK OUT.
-YOU KNOW, I THINK THE KEY
IS TO ALWAYS STAY FRIENDS.
NO MATTER WHAT.
-I AGREE.
[SEAGULLS SQUAWK]
-HEY, PAL, WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE GO GET SOME DINNER, HUH?
HOBIE?
-IN A MINUTE, DAD.
-♪ NEVER HAVE FELT SO CLOSE TO HEAVEN
♪ HERE IN YOUR ARMS
♪ WE'RE NOT COMING DOWN
♪ SO LET'S STOP THE CLOCK
-YOU ALL RIGHT, PAL?
-YEAH.
JUST WATCHING THE SUN SET.
♪ NOTHING CAN BREAK US APART
♪ HOLDING YOUR HAND
♪ HOLDING MY HEART
♪ LET'S GET LOST TOGETHER
♪ NEVER HAVE FELT SO CLOSE TO HEAVEN
[END THEME PLAYING]